[MUSIC PLAYING]
ANNOUNCER: And now, DreamWorks'
"The Penguins of Madagascar."
[THEME MUSIC]
-Cute and cuddly, boys.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXPLOSION]
-That was incredible, Skipper.
I've never seen Omega Boom
performed by a single penguin.
You were amazing.
-Always remember, young
Private, it's the leader's job
to be physically
superior at all times.
Ha!
-Guys, check out my new--
[SMACK]
I'm fine.
It's a non-brain injury.
[GASPING]
Smashed atoms!
-Kowalski, explain.
-Fascinating.
The ray I built was designed
to transform spoiled food
to its younger, fresher state.
-And?
-Clearly, you are younger--
[SNIFFING] and fresher.
-This can't stand.
My body should be
full-grown and bursting
with unapologetic warrior might.
Hi-ya!
Ha!
Hoo!
Ha! [GRUNTS]
[COOING]
-Halt baby babble.
-I'm sorry, Skipper.
You're just so cute.
-Koochie koochie koochie koo!
-I can invert the ray's polarity
and return you to normal,
but we'll need to retrieve
it from the sewer.
-Sounds easy enough.
Men, Operation Sewer
Scavenge is a go.
Move out!
[GRUNTING]
Something wrong?
-Uh, it's just, uh--
-A mission is dangerous, and
you're so small and fluffy.
-Small, fluffy, and your
commanding officer, Private.
-Right, Skipper.
But maybe we should, you
know, get you a sitter.
Skipper?
-Down here.
-Oh.
Apologies, Skipper.
It just feels so right.
-It's oddly agreeable.
But enough malarkey!
I do not need a babysitter.
I am a trained soldier, a lethal
[YAWNING] fighting machine.
-Hm.
Somebody needs his nappy time.
-Aw, nappy.
-Nonsense!
I am fully [YAWNING]
battle ready.
-We need a sitter with a
high tolerance for weird.
[GASPING]
-Ah!
Those feets!
That tiny booty!
Oh, he's the most cutest thing
my eyes have ever seen-- when
I'm not staring into
a reflective surface.
-Here.
-Yes, he's our cousin.
His name is-- uh--
-Is it Petey?
I've always wanted
to meet a Petey.
And I would like very much
for today to be that day.
-I could be Petey.
[SMACK]
-As it turns out,
his name is Petey.
-Uh, your Majesty, what do
you know about babysitting?
-What?
I am an accomplished sitter.
I sit on things all the time.
My throne, my loungey
chair, my Mort.
-I'm ergonomical.
-Mort, didn't he kick-- and when
you-- [MUTTERING] forget it.
I'm on break.
-FYI, he likes to pretend he
is Skipper when he's conscious.
-Oh, Petey, you nut.
-Make sure you keep him
warm and feed him regularly.
And he likes-- he likes
to be rocked, too.
Call us if you need anything.
-What the deuce?
Where are my men?
-Good morning, Petey.
You are being babysat
on by me, the king.
-Hey, 'Tail, don't
you recognise me?
It's Skipper.
I am-- what are you doing?
-Where did King Julien go?
Oh, no!
He has disappear-- peekaboo!
Peekaboo!
-Your childish ruse
is wasted, Ring-Tail.
I'm an elite-- where'd he go?
-Peekaboo!
[SCREAMING]
-What the--
[LAUGHING]
-You should have been
seeing your face.
You were stupefied by
my mad booing skills.
-Note to self, peekaboo
defence drills.
[BEEPING]
-Homing device says
the ray is this way.
-I wonder how the
babysitter's doing.
--[AIRPLANE NOISES] The royal
airplane is [AIRPLANE NOISES]
now coming in for a lan--
[AIRPLANE NOISES] ding.
-Call a Mayday, 'cause
you've got the wrong tarmac.
Penguins eat fish.
-Silly me.
I see what is the wrong here.
-Finally.
-The baby penguins only eat
the food when the papa penguin
chews it up and, uh, spits
it into the baby's mouth.
Yeah, it sounds gross, but,
hey, who am I to judge?
-No.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Stop!
-Good, huh?
SKIPPER: No!
-Don't be bashful.
SKIPPER: Ugh.
-There you go.
-Ring-Tail, you're really
starting to get on my nerves.
[FARTING]
That was an accident.
But I'm glad it happened.
-Ew, the baby gas.
Ugh, it is the most smelliest
thing my nose has ever sniffed.
Mort, breathe it away.
-OK.
[SNIFFING]
I like-- ugh, no, I don't.
[GASPING]
-Ah!
-Petey, what did I tell you?
You cannot be running away.
-According to my
readings, the ray
gun should be located right--
-With us.
[GASPING]
-That's our ray beam gun thingy.
-No, it's our fresherizer.
As long as we have
this baby, we'll
never eat rotten
sewer food again.
-Good golly, it
works like a charm.
I mean, give it
back, dirty rats.
-Skipper's counting on us.
-Yeah!
-Objective secured.
Let's return to-- huh?
-No one steals our freshenator.
-I thought we named
it fresherizer.
-We had a meeting.
You weren't there.
-Um, Kowalski, options?
-Historically, Skipper's
the one who defeats the Rat
King, therefore
run for your lives!
-Rico, rat cannon!
[REGURGITATION NOISES]
Fortunately, I
devised an anti-rat
missile for this exact occ--
[BEEP]
-Aah!
-Bye-bye, birdies.
[LAUGHING]
-Petey, it is being your
afternoon nappy time.
-You're not the boss of me.
-Oh, but my regal lullaby will
give you the snoozies for sure.
-Well, we'll see
who outlasts who.
-(SINGING) Rock-a-bye
Petey in the Julien top,
when the wind blows,
the Julien will rock.
And [YAWNING] down will come
Julien-- Julien and-- Julien--
-Well, that only
took 10 seconds.
At least these tiny flippers
are good for something.
Ah!
[GRUNTING]
It's not right!
All those years of
training and experience.
And now-- [WAILING]
It's not right!
[EXPLODING]
Rocket fire.
No time for crybaby self-pity.
My team needs me.
[YAWNING]
-Petey!
He is missing from my sight!
And he is leaking melon!
Your king is coming, Petey!
-What do you say, fellas?
Time to give them
the toxic bird bath?
RATS: Bird bath!
Bird bath!
[REGURGITATION NOISES]
-It appears this is our
rookery's final mission.
-As Skipper would say,
it's been an honour.
[CRYING]
-Don't forget to scrub
behind your ears.
[LAUGHING]
-You call that a victory taunt?
-Skipper!
-Fear not, Private.
Your leader has arrived.
-Skipper?
Wait.
The boss penguin?
What happened, fluffy boy,
you fall in the dryer?
[LAUGHING]
-Let's put baby to
bed-- permanently.
-(SLOW MOTION) Petey!
Oh, dear!
Go, Petey.
Avenge me while I
lay here and pretend
to be dead so no one
is hurting me again.
[PRETENDING TO PLAY "TAPS"]
[MOANING]
[SOBBING]
[PRETENDING TO PLAY "TAPS"]
I see a light.
I see light.
[PRETENDING TO PLAY "TAPS"]
I'm coming, Papa!
-Let's finish
this, mano a babio.
-Oh, yeah?
What are you gonna do with
those teeny weeny baby muscles?
-Rat Face, I've got
something stronger
than muscles-- my leadership.
Rico, grappling hook!
[REGURGITATION NOISE]
-I'll crush you all!
-Quick!
Toss me!
Catch me!
Burp me!
[BURPING]
Throw me!
Spin me!
-Ha!
Did you really think I wouldn't
catch a tiny ball like you?
-I was counting on it.
[FARTING]
-Ah, god!
-I call that one the Baby Boom.
-Now that's a victory taunt.
-And this is nap time.
[SNORING]
ALL: Aw!
-They grow up so fast.
[SIGHING]
I am now having the empty nest.
-Ring-Tail, I owe you one.
You saved my fluffy
butt back there.
But I hope you now
realise who I really am.
[LAUGHING]
-I cannot be believing it.
-I knew you'd see the light.
-Petey, you have gotten so good
at your Skipper impersonating.
[THEME MUSIC]
-It's the breakout
that led to a stakeout
because there's a snake out.
Savio, the Hoboken Zoo's vicious
boa constrictor, has escaped.
-Wait, why do I feel
I know that reptile?
-Ah!
Snake belly.
So dark.
Don't put me in the monkey suit!
-Ooh!
[LAUGHING]
Uh.
Eh.
-Savio, the fiendish
serpent who temporarily
ate Private, the
lemurs, and Marlene.
-Right.
I hated that guy.
-We go live to Bonnie
Chang on the scene.
Trash fires, riots
in the street,
the snake escape really has
everyone on edge, eh, Bonnie?
[LAUGHING]
-No, Chuck, that's just Hoboken.
Back off, pal!
I'm packing a pipe wrench!
The boa was last seen entering
the Hudson River, where
it appeared to be
swimming toward Manhattan.
-You don't think
Savio's still mad we
had him shipped back to Hoboken?
-As every herpetologist knows,
Chuck, this breed of boa
has an insatiable
thirst for vengeance,
nursing a grudge for
months before reaching
its hideous retribution.
[WHIMPERING]
[SMACKS]
-Move out!
You nancy cats.
-Wait.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, you think
Savio's coming after us?
-But that's crazy.
Most of us were his victims.
-Don't try and make sense
of revenge, Marlene.
It cheapens it.
-But-- but-- wh-- what do we do?
-It worked.
I got an idea.
A sandwich that you
ride like a horse.
[LAUGHING]
But think about it.
-According to my
projection, Savio
will hit this zoo
in three hours.
-Luckily, that vengeful maniac
is forgetting one thing.
We've still got big
grey on our side.
Ready for another Savio
pounding, Long Trunks?
-You bet.
Just as soon as I open
this mysterious package
I got from Hoboken.
-Oh, it's Hob-- not Hoboken!
-Don't open it!
-Um, Savio sends his regards.
Booga booga booga!
[SCREAMING]
-Taking out the biggest threat
first, well played, Savio.
-Well, clearly he is a vengeful
genius, and we are all doomed.
[SCREAMING]
-Whoa, there.
Easy, little tuna melt.
-Ow!
-Sorry, people, but when
no one listens to reason,
I'm forced to speak the
language of flung nuts.
-This one said hello
to my nose hole.
-We can still take Savio,
but only as a united front.
Nobody cracks.
No one does anything stupid.
-Why are you all so scaredy
pantsless about this?
I say we take this Savio, and
then we punch him in the face.
-So as usual, ignore
everything the ring-tail says.
And did I hear some gung-ho
in that gobbledy gook?
-If by gung-ho you mean I'm
gonna hold up this Savio
and smack him around
like that, yeah.
Oh, yeah, baby.
That yeah.
-You're seriously not scared?
-Are we still
talking about Savio?
-Yeah, big teeth, long booty,
fancy continental accent.
He thinks he's so classy.
Feh.
Bring him out to me.
Bring him!
Ain't so bad.
Ain't gonna be no rematch.
Come on!
-All right, give
me two-man teams.
Establish perimeter defences.
I want this zoo wired hotter
than a Brazilian Hanukkah!
Go!
Now I'll need a cool, fearless
head as my own bunker buddy.
Ring-Tail, I can't believe
I'm gonna say this,
but that guy is you.
-Partner hug.
[SIGHING]
-All right, Ring-Tail,
I'm thinking
a three-layered defence grid.
Level one, the minefield.
[HUMMING]
-OK.
What's next?
-Well, we take the
clear path through
the minefield to the
others and then--
-What?
-Level two, electrified fence.
[SCREAMING]
-Not my fault.
-Level three,
mortar tubes loaded
with pure knockout spray.
The coup de gas.
[REGURGITATION NOISE]
[HUMMING]
-What do you say, soldier?
-I say, hey, Savio, who's
gonna save you from that?
-Ooh, taunting approved.
I don't know where this 180 of
courage came from, Ring-Tail,
but I'm digging it.
-Yeah, yeah, I was
pretty awesome just now.
[BEEPING]
-All right, men and Marlene,
some of you, I know,
are wondering whether or not
you'll chicken out under fire.
Don't worry about it.
-When you put your hand into
a bunch of goo that used to be
your best friend's face,
pretend you realise-- wait,
that's just an ice cream
sandwich shaped like a clown.
You'll know what to do.
-I liked old Julien.
-The one who'd kick
you to the snake just
to give himself time to run?
-Any foot-touching is
good foot-touching.
[EXPLOSION]
[SCREAMING]
-He's hit the mines!
Form positions.
-No visual yet, but-- [GASPS]
he's cleared the mine field.
I lost him, Skipper.
-Fall back, Private.
Shock Unit, talk to me.
-Electrified fence
still operative, Skipp--
[EXPLOSION]
KOWALSKI: He's in the walls.
He's in the walls!
-Fall back.
Gassy Lassie, you're up.
-OK.
I did not agree to the codename.
I--
[PENGUIN NOISES]
[REGURGITATION NOISES]
[EXPLOSION]
Is he out?
[GASPING]
[HISSING]
[SCREAMING]
-All units, doomsday positions.
Move it, Ring-Tail!
-Aye, Skipper.
-Shields up.
We drilled for this, people.
Just maintain the circle.
-Remember, this
Savio is nothing.
He is--
[HISSING]
-Hello.
[SCREAMING]
-Snake!
Savio is the snake?
I-- I thought it was that guy.
You know, big teeth, long booty.
-I'm my own kind of beautiful.
-Oh, shut up with the fancy
continental accent already!
You aren't impressing anybody.
-Aw, chills, how adorable.
I could just eat you up.
-Stand fast.
As long as there are
no gaps in the circle--
-Gotta go.
Not for eating.
Love you, bye!
-Aw, [INAUDIBLE]
[HISSING]
[SCREAMING]
-Since when does the inside of a
snake belly look like a garage?
SAVIO: Do not worry,
succulent one.
Soon you will all be
consumed with admiration
when I tell you of
my plan for revenge.
I'm going to swallow
you one by one
so the last shall see his
friends go before him.
-Ew.
-And then I will regurgitate
and swallow you again.
But this time in
reverse order, so no one
feels left out of the
"watch everybody else
get eaten thing."
-Well, like, you know,
way to make it your own.
-I like to take the time
to chew on my ideas.
But we're still one lemur
short of a full revenge set.
And so, until I return, ciao.
That was also a reference to the
fact that I'm going to eat you.
-We got it.
-Fantastic.
[COUGHING]
-Hey?
Hello?
-Ring-Tail?
Quick, I think I can guide
you to pick this lock.
Now it's a wafer
tumbler model with
at least seven variable
spring-loaded--
-Yeah, that sounds hard.
Uh, I'm here for more of the
last requests sort of thing.
So, OK, I got the banjo.
And if you feel snacky,
there's some day-old poppedy
corn over there.
-Do you know "Ave Maria"?
-[BLOWS RASPERRY] Boring!
This one is way better.
Check it out, y'all. (SINGING)
I'm a sandwich-riding cowpoke--
-I knew you had your
flaws, Ring-Tail,
but even at your
worst moments, I never
pegged you for a
yellow-bellied slimy coward.
-OK, wow, uh, that stings.
It's like you never
really knew me.
Anywho, peace out, my peoples.
-Ah, the complete buffet.
-It's the snake!
[SCREAMING]
[HISSING]
MARLENE: No, not that way.
-Stand tall, Ring-Tail!
You've got to decide what
kind of man you're gonna be.
-Still the
yellow-bellied slime guy.
[HISSING]
-At least he's going out
the way he lived-- stupid.
-Artificial butter flavouring,
how tasteful of you.
[SCREAMING]
-Look out!
-Bye-bye!
[HISSING]
-Boys, butter me up.
-Your leadership is
impeccable and your musk is
an intoxicating
blend of danger and--
[SMACK]
Right.
-Woo-hoo-hoo!
Greasy, greasy.
[LAUGHING]
-Oh!
[GASPING]
[PENGUINS COMPLAINING]
-Julien!
You-- you did it!
-I cannot not accept
your thank yous
because they are
cheap and useless.
Give me something shiny, people.
-Men, return to
base for clean up.
I've got grease where no
grease should ever go.
-And so Snake-out ends
as these things always
do, with a snake
headed home coated
in buttery hydrogenated soy oil.
-I can't believe
yellow-bellied slimy cowardice
was really the answer.
-No, no, this was
a team victory.
There was me, the butter, uh,
me wearing the butter, you know,
probably the elephant
or something.
-The elephant!
-This is Chuck Charles saying--
-Go time!
Come on!
Where's that snake?
I want Savio!
[ROARING]
[THEME MUSIC]